[WorkplaceAI] Add Google Drive data source and connector (#250677)
elastic/kibana: docs/reference/connectors-kibana/google-drive-action-type.md

---
navigation_title: "Google Drive"
mapped_pages:
  - https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/google-drive-action-type.html
applies_to:
  stack: preview 9.4
  serverless: preview
---

# Google Drive connector [google-drive-action-type]

The Google Drive connector enables searching and accessing files and folders in Google Drive.

## Create connectors in {{kib}} [define-google-drive-ui]

You can create connectors in **{{stack-manage-app}} > {{connectors-ui}}**.

### Connector configuration [google-drive-connector-configuration]

Google Drive connectors have the following configuration properties:

Bearer Token

> :   A Google OAuth 2.0 access token with Google Drive API scopes. See [Get API credentials](#google-drive-api-credentials) for instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   A Google OAuth 2.0 access token with Google Drive API scopes. Check the [Get API credentials](#google-drive-api-credentials) for instructions.
```
Replace visual clues with more [accessible terms](https://www.elastic.co/docs/contribute-docs/style-guide/accessibility#terms).
